=== METADATA ===
ROW INDEX: 4259
TOPIC: bigfoot
LABEL: conspiracy
===============

Ironically, Americans have had to accept

to advance their own national interest.

to justify the creation of Israel.

Then they did the same thing to Palestinians.

The Zionist agenda has always been a "Greater Israel." The West Bank settlements must be seen in this context.



On May 24, 1948, David Ben Gurion confided in his diary: "We will establish a Christian state in Lebanon, the southern border of which will be the Litani river. We will break Transjordan, bomb Amman and destroy its army, and then Syria falls, and if Egypt will still continue to fight, we will bombard Port Said, Alexandria and Cairo." 



By Henry Makow, Ph.D. 

 

 Mightier than the nuclear bomb, the lie is Satan's most powerful weapon. The bomb merely devastates. The lie steals souls. It enlists millions of naive people to Satan's cause.

 

 "God's chosen people" have been Satan's favorite targets. Zionists took control of them using lies about the Jewish holocaust and the 1948 "War of Independence."

1) Jews did not need a "national homeland" because of the holocaust. Instead, Jews were sacrificed in the holocaust so they would build Israel. The Illuminati want it as capital of their New World Order. The blatant Masonic symbolism in the Rothschild-built Israeli Supreme Court is a tip-off. Also, Israel is the fortress for their invasion of the Islamic world.

2) In the "1948 War of Independence", Israelis did NOT face a second Holocaust from blood- thirsty Arab armies, as Jews are taught. The war was in fact a brutal ethnic cleansing of Palestinians by Zionists, the "Nakba" ("Cataclysm"), reminiscent of what Nazis did to Jews.

Without the holocaust there would have been no Nakba which has grown into a monster stalking the whole human race: the 9-11 hoax, and the War Against Islam and Freedom. 

 

 (For new readers: Satan's agents on planet earth are the Illuminati, the highest rung of Freemasonry. The Illuminati represent a longterm conspiracy against God and mankind consisting of an alliance of German Jewish bankers and the aristocratic families of Europe (especially England) and America. The Illuminati is the force behind British and American Imperialism, Nazism, Communism, Zionism, Neo Conservatism, Feminism and the New World Order.)

I'll deal with the second lie first. 

 

 THE "PHONY WAR" 

 

 According to Israeli historian Ilan Pappe, 1948 was a pretext and cover for the preplanned expulsion of a million mostly defenceless Palestinians from their ancestral homes, orchards, fields and businesses. ("The Ethnic Cleansing of Palestine," 2006) 

 

 The Zionist leadership knew the neighboring Arab states did not constitute a threat. The Palestinians did not flee willingly as Jews are taught, but were driven out. 

 

 The British and UN were accomplices. With 75,000 soldiers present, the British permitted the massacres and pillage in spite of their promise in the Balfour Declaration to uphold Palestinian rights. 

 

 The UN ceded to 600,000 Jews a territory containing one million Palestinians, leaving them at the mercy of David Ben Gurion who said, "Only a state with at least 80% Jews is a viable and stable state." (Pappe, p.48)

Eighty-nine percent of the cultivated land in the UN designated Jewish state belonged to Palestinians. (30) 

 

 General Sir John Bagot Glubb, the British chief of the (Jordanian) Arab Legion called 1948 "a phoney war." Like most wars the outcome was determined in advance. The leader of Arab forces, King Abdullah of Jordan, had a secret deal with the Zionists to offer only token resistance in return for the West Bank and East Jerusalem. In addition, the English controlled the Arab armies and curtailed supplies. 

 

 Far from being "a rag tag group of defenders", Israel had 50,000 soldiers, half of whom had served in the British army. It had a small air force, navy, tanks, armoured cars and heavy artillery. Facing them were the real "rag tag defenders," perhaps 10,000 poorly trained and equipped Palestinian paramilitary outfits and volunteers from the Arab world. (44) 

 

 Despite rhetoric from Arab capitals, there was never any chance of driving the Jews into the sea. The Palestinians were passive and underestimated their danger. They had lived under Ottoman and British rule, and somehow would manage under the Jewish regime. Many villages made "non-aggression pacts" with the Jews. 

 

 In March 1948 Ben Gurion told the Jewish Agency Executive: "I believe the majority of the Palestinian masses accept the partition as a fait accompli...[they] do not want to fight us." (61) 

 

 The (British-controlled) Arab Legion was the only potential real opposition. It was used to repulse the Zionists when they reneged on their bargain and attacked the Old City of Jerusalem. 

 

 The other Arab nations were so feeble that the Zionists occupied Southern Lebanon and expelled Arabs from there. On May 24, 1948, David Ben Gurion did not sound like the leader of a beleaguered people when he confided in his diary: "We will establish a Christian state in Lebanon, the southern border of which will be the Litani river. We will break Transjordan, bomb Amman and destroy its army, and then Syria falls, and if Egypt will still continue to fight, we will bombard Port Said, Alexandria and Cairo." (144) 

 

 Yes, the Palestinians did attack some convoys and isolated Jewish settlements at considerable loss of Jewish life. These attacks played into the hands of the Zionists who always portray acts of resistance as aggression and anti-Semitism. 

 

 

ZIONIST ATROCITIES 

 

 Arabic speaking, Ilan Pappe interviewed survivors in Palestinian refugee camps. He compared their accounts to those in the IDF Archives. 

 

 Over 200 Arab villages were destroyed before a regular Arab soldier set foot in Palestine. Their ethnic cleansing program was called "Plan D". (82) A detailed inventory of all Palestinian settlements and property had been made for it. (Often the unwary Palestinians extended hospitality to the takers of this macabre "census.") 

 

 The Zionists attacked Palestinian villages at night and dynamited houses while residents slept inside. Then they rounded up males between age 10 and 50 and shot them or sent them to prison camps. The women, children and elders were made to leave. Eventually about 750,000 ended up in refugee camps in Gaza, the West Bank or neighboring countries. There were many instances of rape and plunder. 

 

 In the big cities like Jerusalem, Jaffa and Haifa, the Palestinian districts were shelled and people terrorized and killed. Altogether, 530 of about 1000 Palestinian villages were physically demolished. About a dozen cities and towns were also emptied. Some villages had forged economic or personal ties with the Jews and escaped this fate. Many of these "deals" were not honored by the Zionists.

 

 Deir Yassin was bad but the events that unfolded October 28 1948 in the village of Dawaymeh between Beersheba and Hebron were even worse. I cite Pappe:

"Venturing into the village the next day the Muktar (Hassan Mahmoud Ihdeib) beheld with horror the piles of dead bodies in the mosque--with many more strewn about in the street--men, women and children, among them his own father....455 people were missing among them around 170 children and women. The Jewish soldiers who took part also reported horrific scenes, babies whose skulls were cracked open, women raped or burned alive in houses, and men stabbed to death. These were...eye-witness accounts sent to [Israeli] High Command within a few days of the event." (197) 

 

 

 THE HOLOCAUST 

 

 The day before a Palestinian village was attacked, Israeli political officers (like Soviet commissars) would incite the troops with a talk about the holocaust. The Zionists also used it to give themselves moral impunity. The whole world watched and said nothing.

But were Zionists themselves partly responsible for the Holocaust? Did Zionists first do to Jews what they later did to Palestinians? 

 

 In 1943 Rabbi Dov Weissmandl of the Jewish Rescue Committee in Slovakia arranged for Nazi officials to stop transports to concentration camps in exchange for $50,000. They in fact stopped them while waiting for the money which had to come from abroad.

 

 Weissmandl appealed to the Zionist Jewish Agency HQ in Switzerland. He was told that Zionists "must turn a deaf ear to the pleas and cries emanating from Eastern Europe" in order to establish the state of Israel. 

 

 " Remember this: all the allies have suffered many losses, and if we also do not offer human sacrifices, how can we gain the right to sit at the conference table when the territorial boundaries are reshaped? [Israel] Eretz Yisroel will be ours only by paying with blood, but as far as our immediate circle is concerned, ATEM TAJLU. The messenger bearing this letter will supply you with funds for this purpose". 

 

 Weismandl interpreted the letter as follows: "The price of Eretz Yisroel is the blood of the men and women, hoary sages, and babes in arms - but not YOUR [Zionist] blood! Let us not spoil this plan by giving the Axis [i.e. Nazis] powers to save Jewish lives. But for you, [Zionist] comrades, I have enclosed carfare for your escape. What a nightmare! The Zionist agent "diplomat" comes to Czechoslovakia and says "Shed your blood cheerfully, for your blood is cheap. But for your blood, the Land (of Israel) will be ours! (MIN HAMETZAR (p. 92) by Rabbi Michael Dov Weissmandl ZT"L Dean of Nitra Yeshiva )

 

 If you don't think this philosophy actuated the rise of Nazism, anti-Semitism and the Holocaust, you are kidding yourself. Nazism was a fraud on the German people, just as Zionism is a fraud on Jews. Both turned good people into cold blooded killers, pawns of the "Prince of Lies.".

CONCLUSION 

 

 Today the Nakba continues in Gaza Strip, the West Bank and along the partition wall. (One could argue it continues in Lebanon, Afghanistan Syria and Iraq.) New settlements are being build to strengthen Israeli claims, as "fait accompli."

The majority of Israelis and their supporters are faced with a moral "fait accompli." Having been deceived about the holocaust and "War of Independence", they have been tainted by a moral abomination. Many have built their lives accordingly. What can they do now? This is the Masonic way. Compromise people morally.

When you have travelled down the wrong road, there is no use pretending it is the right one. You have to make a U-turn and retrace your steps, the sooner the better.

I believe Zionists should acknowledge the truth and pursue a two-state solution providing apologies and generous restitution to the Palestinians. There should be a limited right of return.



 Ilan Pappe says Palestinians would accept this. Pappe is a rare historian: honest, courageous and moral in the true Jewish spirit. He says his research "fully vindicates" the Palestianian version of events denied for so many years. (Yet "Nakba denial" is not a crime anywhere.)

Israelis need to make a 180-degree turn before they burn in hell, and take the rest of us along. The Illuminati controls Israel through Israeli leaders who are Masons. It has already betrayed the Jewish people more than once.

Pappe is not optimistic. The premeditated attack on Lebanon in 2006 was the last straw. A professor at Haifa University, he watched his dovish colleagues accept the government rationale. They are prisoners of a satanic "fait accompli." If anything Israelis now are more fanatical. Pappe is leaving Israel to become Chair of History at Exeter University in England. 

 

 There is only one way the human race will flourish in peace: by acknowledging the truth no matter how incriminating or painful it is.

Related- Al Jazeera Series on Palestinian Dispossession - Jews always pawns of banker imperialists

----------Brendon O'Connell believes Israel hacked the DC and sent info to Wikileaks

Did Zionists Help Plan Holocaust? and Were Illuminati Jews behind the Nazis?

"Zionism: A Conspiracy Against Jews" and "Illuminati Bankers Hired Hitler to Start WWII"