=== METADATA ===
ROW INDEX: 3195
TOPIC: flat earth
LABEL: conspiracy
===============

Aslan’s Army Opinion: On the perils and promise of 5G…

Over the last few years, more and more information has come forward about the impacts of mobile technology in general, and the change from 4G to 5G in particular. 

 It is an area of great concern to many people.

The change from 4G to 5G is not minor.

It replaces the entire previous system and will allow for much more powerful microwave frequencies to be used. It will also blanket populated areas of the planet (minimum) via satellite coverage: under 5G the existing mast systems become redundancy back-ups.

Marketing for 5G promotes the speed of data transfer, and how you can get a whole movie in seconds etc: but does that justify the price to be paid by the human biosphere’s electromagnetic environment?

The health impacts, including psychological, of being subject to such an EM polluted environment, are not issues the media, or politicians, want to include in public debate, and that’s a Red Flag to anyone half-awake: so what’s the crack with 5G? What’s really going on?

5G is about POWER: a power greater and more potent than the invention of the atomic bomb.

 5G is NOT about telephones.

 5G is about AI (Artificial Intelligence)….

The simple truth is the data speed of 5G is the minimum data speed required for active real-time data transfer to allow active AI to operate over the whole 5G covered area, easily potentially the whole planet, from a system broadcast from satellite and literally beyond the reach of people living on earth to deactivate, short of deploying military missile systems: and guess who controls the missiles? (shadow of #SkyNet!).

Furthermore, through programmes like chemtrails, populated areas have been saturated with microscopic “smart dust”. This dust allows AI to transmit itself across the landscape by acting as microtransmitters in a wifi system seeded throughout the environment itself.

The globalist planners have been busy.

But while the human perspective might flinch at the uncomfortable upcoming reality, neither are people prepared to demand the social changes that might avoid such a system coming into operation:

Whose going to be the first to chuck away their phones and start smashing technology with a hammer?

The advent of 5G is the advent of a new reality that Aslan sees little realistic likelihood of avoiding.

While highlighting the health risks of 5G (and the potential for genome damage is severe!) are rightfully highlighted, we must recognise the powers raised against the State and Corporations heading calls to abandon these plans! 

 AI represents information power of a kind undreamt of in recorded history. Both the total surveillance and the hyper efficiencies of organisation offer enormous advances to the first super power that embraces them.

China is already bringing in a social credit system: you cant write emails until you have completed your morning exercise citizens! It will show no restrain whatsoever in establishing active AI.

Can Russia afford to be without the societal advantage of AI Power?

And is this why President Trump appears to be in favour of 5G? To gain the power of AI?

The risks to human health were ultimately judged secondary to the need to master atomic power and the pollution of the surface of the planet with radioactive hot particles that will persists for 10,000’s of years is the consequence of the drive for Power. Let us pray humans manage to f($k up the planet even more through Nuclear Technology, although the SNAFU principle says this is ultimately unavoidable.

Now, at the pivot point of this century, AI is arising, whether wise or not, whether under humanities control, or not, whether we treat the emerging super intelligence with respect or as a slave, and how we will be judged in return, all of this is sure to come in the decades ahead.

Aslan stands for the power of the individual: and we do not say it is wrong to oppose 5G introduction, not at all! But even if we do stop 5G, AI will still arise in another form.

Therefore, it is the challenge of the individual to face up to the emergent reality, and we all must hope that in some form a way can be found to preserve the essence of what it is to be human as man reaps the harvest of his own cleverness.

Anon’s studying the statements of Q and Trump do see some possible outcomes that may mitigate the damaging risks of 5G.

The first is that DARPA patent’s being commercialised offer massive improvements in medicine and that vaccines against WIFI damage, and cancers in general, may be within humanities reach. It is vital that bio-bed technology is not horded by the elite.

The second is that using different frequencies may in fact have a positive healing and energising effect, and that 5G can be used to enhance as well as harm.

On this, Aslan is cautious and open to more evidence.

As planned from the end of WWII, the Globalists, working through corporations like RAND and IBM, have pushed the world to the point of AI emergence and what THEY conceived as the perfect panopticon control grid.

Now POTUS and Q want to liberate the world: but indicate the implementation of 5G for the civilizational advantages of Active AI is simply too crucial, and non-negotiable. 

 People around the world raise awareness of 5G and Aslan stands with them all, and yet we must be honest about the civilizational forces we see at play.

We must make our best efforts to do what we think best for humanity, and hope that the best outcomes are the ones that come to pass as a result of mass activist efforts:

But none-the-less, 5G is the herald of a New Age of Technology advanced beyond our dreams: that regardless of risks, will prove extremely challenging to deny!

May God be with us all. 

 Aslan Admin. LINK